Clean up ROS packages (#18)
husarion/panther_ros: panther/README.md

# panther

> ROS Metapackeage composing basic functionalities of the Husarion Panther robot with links to dependency repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ROS Metapackeage composing basic functionalities of the Husarion Panther robot with VCS Tool yaml files directing to external robot dependencies.
```
